Add Amazon Linux, SUSE SLES, and openSUSE Leap Linux distro support to ec2_info module (#22202)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/configuration/storage/etcd.mdx

- `lock_timeout` `(string: "15s")` – Specifies lock timeout for master
  Vault instance. Set bigger value if you don't need faster recovery.

> - `max_receive_size` `(int)` – Specifies the client-side response receive limit.
> Make sure that "max_receive_size" >= server-side default send/recv limit.
> ("--max-request-bytes" flag to etcd or "embed.Config.MaxRequestBytes").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `max_receive_size` `(int)` – Specifies the client-side response receive limit.
  `max_receive_size` must be greater than or equal to the default, server-side
  send and receive limits set by `embed.Config.MaxRequestBytes` or
  the `--max-request-bytes` flag passed to etcd.
```

Style correction: use directive language

> - `max_send_size` `(int)` – Specifies the client-side request send limit in bytes.
> Make sure that "max_send_size" < server-side default send/recv limit.
> ("--max-request-bytes" flag to etcd or "embed.Config.MaxRequestBytes").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `max_send_size` `(int)` – Specifies the client-side request send limit in bytes.
  `max_send_size` must be less than the default, server-side send and receive
  limits set by `embed.Config.MaxRequestBytes` or the `--max-request-bytes` flag
  passed to etcd.
```

Style correction: use directive language
